[narrator] In the previous
episode...
the first matches
in the National Tournament
have begun,
and now, 32 teams
have moved on
to the second round.
Go!
[announcer] Team Matsuoka
advances
to their opponent's goal.
I won't let you through.
[announcer] But Hirado's captain
Hiroshi Jito,
runs rapidly to steal
the ball from them.
[pant]
Here's the pass.
That soccer ball...
belongs to me.
[announcer] Hiroshi Jito
intercepts the pass
and the ball is high up
in the air.
This is Team Hirado's
great defense.
Team Matsuoka hasn't
been able to score a goal.
-Come on! Yeah!
-
The Nankatsu
-Yeah, man! Whoo!
-
will know what it's like
-Woo-hoo!
-
to face a team
with an impenetrable defense
soon enough.
[narrator] Meanwhile, in
the Saitama World Stadium,
Team Hanawa from
the Akita Prefecture...
is facing Team Sakimoto
from the Yamanashi
Prefecture
in the tournament's
second round.
Great. They've already
recovered the ball.
Let's see
how much stronger...
they've actually become.
Right now.
Yeah.
[announcer] Masao Tachibana
quickly passes the ball...
it looks like
it's going to his brother.
You won't get it.
[announcer] But no!
The ball
- keeps going further.
-This can't be.
Yoshiharu Ono
receives it
- and shoots and...
-[grunt] Here it comes!
[announcer] Goal!
Team Hanawa scores!
-[laughs]
-[announcer]
With this goal,
Team Hanawa ensures
their victory
and advances to
the National Tournament's
next round.
It seems like they're
saving their new techniques
and special plays.
That sucks.
And we were hoping to
see them seriously play.
Ha!
Don't worry.
We'll show you
our new techniques
and special plays tomorrow.
[whistle]
-[cheering]
-[groaning]
[announcer]
And it's over!
The Hanawa wins
by two goals
and advances to
- the next round.
-[laugh]
Now, Team Nankatsu
must defeat
the Nishikigaoka team
if they want to face
Team Hanawa.
All right,
now it's our turn, Nankatsu.
-Yeah!
-[narrator] Episode 37:
-[cheering]
Skylab Hurricane!
[announcer] The players
on both teams
have taken
their positions.
Representing
the Shizuoka Prefecture,
we have Team Nankatsu.
They are going to face
Team Nishikigaoka
from the Kanagawa
Prefecture.
The Nankatsu is
considered to be
everyone's favorite team
after winning
the National Tournament
for two
consecutive years.
This time,
they are here to win
the Triple Championship.
On the other hand,
the Nishikigaoka beat
Team Ozu-san 3 to 1
in the previous round,
and today,
they're going to face
the current
national champion.
Will Nishikigaoka
be able to
get a victory this time?
Yeah, we'll see
how much Nankatsu
has actually improved
this time.
Let's go, Tsubasa.
Make a lot of goals!
You can do it.
Woo-hoo!
Please, be careful.
[pants]
[pants] We got here right
on time.
[announcer] And it's
Team Nankatsu
with the kick-off.
All right, guys,
let's play.
-Hmm...
-[whistle]
Go.
Huh?
Tsubasa, tell me,
your foot's still
bothering you, right?
Don't worry about it.
We'll take care
of everything, okay?
Yeah, don't worry.
Take it easy.
We'll take care
of the rest, okay?
Uh...
Come, guys, let's go!
-Yeah!
[announcer]
It looks like Tsubasa
will not be taking the lead
in the match this time.
Mamoru is holding the baton.
What?
But why did Tsubasa
stay back this time?
[pants]
Is this some sort of joke?
On the contrary, you
shouldn't underestimate us
by thinking Team Nankatsu
only has Tsubasa.
-[grunting]
-[announcer]
Izawa clears the area
- and sends a long pass
-Go!
to Nagano.
[grunt]
Go!
[announcer]
Nagano passes the ball
- to their specialist, Taki.
-[grunt]
We don't know if
he's planning on shooting.
What strategy is
Nankatsu planning?
Mamoru, it's yours!
[announcer] Taki passes
the ball to Izawa.
We're counting on you.
Teppei!
[announcer] Izawa feints
and sends the pass,
and Kisugi
- receives the ball,
-[yell]
shoots towards
the goal...
And it's a goal!
Nankatsu scored
the first goal of the match.
-Yeah!
-[announcer]
A great play
-[laugh]
-
by Izawa and Taki
with the forward
Kisugi from Nankatsu.
Yeah!
Good job!
That's great!
The Shutetsu trio's
done it again!
Excellent work, guys.
What an awesome goal.
Mhm.
My good friends...
Nankatsu!
-Nankatsu!
-[grunts]
-[grunt] It's mine.
You mean to say "it was."
You just lost it.
[announcer]
Ishizaki clears the area.
Whoa!
[announcer] And Nankatsu's
defense shines!
[Furuoya]
Good.
They're all focused
and determined
to let their captain rest.
Mamoru!
Here!
[grunt]
Let's go back.
[announcer] Nankatsu
is on the attack again,
and Nishikigaoka
is unable to stop them.
My turn.
[yell]
[announcer]
Goal!
Izawa was able to
easily make his way through
and score
the second goal.
I did it!
They're so envious.
They won't let us
see Tsubasa.
They're very tough.
Even without Tsubasa,
Team Nankatsu is good
in their attack
and their defense.
I didn't expect
anything less from Nankatsu.
It's almost like they...
like they didn't have
any weak points.
If you thought we weren't
going to be able
to do anything
without Tsubasa,
you were wrong.
We're a complete
entire team.
Now you will know the true
strength of Nankatsu.
Let 'em see it, guys!
Let's go, Nankatsu!
[laugh]
[grunts]
And to think we hide
our special secret technique
from them
just to make them
worry before the match.
But seeing them play
like that, without Tsubasa,
is making me nervous.
If that's how they play
without him,
how will they be playing
with him?
Taki, your turn.
Yeah!
[announcer] Nankatsu does not
cease in their attacks.
It looks like they're
going for a third goal.
Hey, guys,
where did the ball go?
Tsubasa...
Here I come.
[announcer]
Goal!
And Tsubasa scores
the third goal for his team.
Hey, that was Hajime's.
[laugh]
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to be rude.
I was just bored.
I couldn't just stand there
and keep doing nothing,
guys.
Oh, you're so stubborn!
At least you could've waited
-until Taki scored his goal
-All right, I'm sorry.
-and then you could've had
-I won't
-the next one.
-do it again.
-You're such a bad friend.
-Tsubasa's amazing
when he plays.
He's a player you see
-once in your life.
-Hey, calm down.
It seems like Tsubasa
is the only player
you see on the pitch.
My Tsubasa...
[whistle]
[announcer] The referee's
whistle
signals the end
of the match
and Nankatsu wins with
an impressive 6 to nothing,
and easily advances
to the next round.
This is incredible.
We weren't able to score
a single goal on them.
That's right. Now we're
going against Hanawa...
Ha! Get ready,
Tachibana twins.
I see you're
a tough opponent,
but you better not
let your guard down.
[narrator] Team Nankatsu's
residence...
And just like that,
the fourth day
of the tournament arrived.
This time,
Team Nankatsu
is about to face
Team Hanawa...
a rival that was
greatly anticipated
by everyone in
this next round.
It won't be an easy match
to win.
Great!
-And one!
-Two!
-One!
-Huh?
-Two!
No matter what...
I will play in the finals.
I just ask...
that you put up a fight
without me until then...
It's the captain.
Captain Hyuga...
-[Kitazume] Listen!
-Huh?
Who told you to stop
practicing?
I want you to keep running.
Don't get too confident.
-Yes. Yes, sir!
-And one!
-Two!
-One!
-Hmm...
-Two!
-One!
-[grunt]
-Two!
-One!
[cheering]
[announcer] We're in
the Saitama World Stadium,
and you can feel
the emotion in the air.
On this occasion,
Nankatsu will face Hanawa.
Let's go, Hanawa!
[announcer]
Team Hanawa
- has a bigger crowd
-Let's go, Hanawa!
- this time around
-Go, fight, win!
- and it's overwhelming
- the Nankatsu players.
-Go, fight, win!
You can tell
- there's a strong desire
-Let's go, let's go!
- to defeat Nankatsu,
-Hanawa!
- the current champion.
-Let's go, let's go!
No!
-Hanawa!
They outnumber us!
[narrator]
Team Hanawa...
[Yamashita] Listen up.
We can't let our fans down.
You must defeat
Team Nankatsu.
-Yeah!
[narrator]
Team Nankatsu...
[Furuoya]
All right, guys,
play just like you've been
playing until now.
But don't let
your guard down.
-Yes!
It's been a long time.
Am I right, Tsubasa?
Yeah...
I hadn't seen you guys
in a long time.
You know, we've been waiting
anxiously for this reunion.
You better get ready,
because you're going to see
Team Hanawa
play with everything
they got.
You can say goodbye to
your Triple Championship
now, Nankatsu.
Ha!
Yeah, we'll see about that.
Your circus act
soccer plays
won't work against us,
Tachibana Twins.
Humph! I wouldn't be
so sure if I were you.
Careful you don't score
another own goal.
-Remember that?
-[growl]
What did you just say?
-I'm not the same kid
-This doesn't get
-I used to be, okay?
-better with age, does it?
[Ryo]
[growl]
[announcer] The players
from both teams
enter the pitch.
[cheering]
You can feel the emotion
coming from the crowd.
Hanawa!
We are with you, Nankatsu!
Don't take your eyes
off Tsubasa.
Don't worry.
I mean, do you really think
he's going to try
that Drive Shot again?
Hey, don't forget he's just
a middle school kid.
That shot is
practically impossible
even for
a professional player.
And that's why I want you
to keep an eye on him.
Huh?
[Nozaki]
He'll do it again.
[narrator] Meanwhile,
at the Bay Stadium...
the knockout match
between
Team Yoko from
the city of Gifu
and the Toho Academy
from Tokyo...
has begun.
[journalist 3]
Man, this is bad luck.
Hyuga isn't here
again today.
That means,
we won't be able to see
that amazing shot.
He's probably injured
and that's why
he's not playing today...
-You gotta win!
-It's the only thing
I can think of because
he's not even
sitting on the bench.
And that maybe means...
that your article...
-Hm?
-Yeah, I know!
[journalist 3]
Is false.
You're saying you saw it,
right?
That's right.
Saw it with my own eyes.
How could I ever
forget that?
Hyuga's kick...
was honestly hair-raising.
I could see how the ball
was blazing in flames
with an incredible speed...
and an even greater force.
Without a doubt,
that must've been
Hyuga's tiger shot.
I want you to step on
that pitch
and show your worth.
Don't let your guard down.
-Yeah!
We're going to win
this match
even without Hyuga.
[Ken] If our coach doesn't
let Captain Hyuga
play in the finals...
well then...
we won't play either.
[narrator] We'll be right back
with Captain Tsubasa.
[narrator]
And we're back.
[announcer] We can feel
the stadium sizzling
in this heat.
And the players
have taken their positions
on the field.
This is Team Hanawa's
lineup...
Kimio Yoshikura
as their goalkeeper.
On defense,
Ken Koda, Yuta Takeda,
Norio Nakamura
and Yasuaki Murasawa.
On the midfield,
Takayuki Shiota,
Nobuo Aimoto
and Hiroshi Tamai.
And as forwards,
we have Yoshiharu Ono,
and of course,
the acrobatic duo,
the Tachibana
twin brothers,
Masao and Kazuo.
Now, we're going to
find out
Team Nankatsu's
starting 11.
We have Morisaki
at the goal.
We have Ishizaki,
Takasugi, Nakazato
and Tsuyoshi Oda on defense.
On the midfield,
Iwami, Izawa
and their captain, Tsubasa.
And as forwards,
Nagano, Kisugi
and Hajime Taki.
[whistle]
-[cheering]
-Yeah!
[announcer] Team Nankatsu
begins with the kick off.
We're counting on you,
-Tsubasa.
-Yeah.
[announcer] Tsubasa didn't
stand out very much
in the last match,
but this time,
we're surely going to see
that marvelous way to play
that we've always seen.
Yeah, he better.
Or this isn't
going to be fun.
Get ready, Tsubasa.
Here I am, Tachibana twins.
Three years ago...
you were able to defeat us
only because Misaki
was your partner,
but that's over and done,
Tsubasa.
Because Misaki
isn't here anymore.
This time,
you're going to witness
the best Golden duo
of this tournament.
Now that Misaki isn't here,
you're all alone,
You won't be able
to defeat us
just like you did before.
It's true...
I lost my Golden partner.
But even though
he's not here,
I still have...
[announcer]
How strange!
Nankatsu's captain
doesn't advance.
He makes a pass.
-What's that?
-[grunt]
-[Tsubasa]
My entire team.
The rest of my teammates
have my back.
Follow the captain.
Everyone together.
Attack now!
-Yeah!
[announcer] Team Nankatsu goes
straight to the offense.
What'ss happening?
I don't know.
Kenichi.
-Mamoru.
-[grunt]
[announcer] The ball moves
within Nankatsu
and Izawa
has possession.
[pants]
Here!
[announcer] Izawa makes a pass
to the edge of the pitch.
The specialist, Taki,
receives it
without a problem.
Is he planning to advance
through the sideline?
No, he runs towards
the middle of the field.
[pants]
You won't get through.
Huh?
[announcer]
Taki fools the defense
and passes the ball
to Kisugi.
Yeah, it worked really well.
[announcer] Kisugi
is advancing through
the sideline now.
What happened?
-[announcer] Team Hanawa's
-[grunt]
- confused.
-What're you doing?
Don't just stand there.
Here.
[announcer]
Kisugi sends a pass
and the ball goes
straight to Tsubasa,
who's running
at full speed.
-[gasp]
-What're you doing?
Why isn't anyone
marking Tsubasa?
Hajime.
[announcer]
Tsubasa touches it
- and passes it to Taki.
-Got it!
Taki is completely alone
in front of the goal.
It's my turn.
[yell]
[announcer]
And there it is!
Yeah!
[announcer] Team Nankatsu
scores the first goal!
-Yeah!
-[announcer]
Incredible.
- Nankatsu is able to score
-Woo-hoo! Yeah!
- in the first minute
-We did it!
- of the match!
-Yeah!
They did it!
Great job, guys.
That was an excellent play.
-Good job, Taki!
Aw, man...
What's going on?
[grunt]
I can't believe that.
All right, you asked for it.
Now we're going to
play for real.
-Am I right, brother?
-Yeah!
[grunting]
Masao!
Yeah.
Let's do it now, Brother.
[announcer] Team Hanawa
restarts their attack.
And now,
the Tachibana brothers
are making way
with the ball.
That can't be!
Shingo, Ryo!
Mark them well!
-Yes, Captain!
You think you can handle me?
You have no idea...
who you're facing, big guy.
[announcer] Masao Tachibana
kicks the ball
and it goes way up.
It's flying way up high.
Will they try to do
their famous Triangle Shot?
No, that can't be.
It's just like
the last time.
Let's go, Masao.
We're gonna tie this match
with our Triangle shot.
I won't let you do it.
I told you, your circus act
soccer plays
won't work here.
Is that what you think?
We'll see about that,
Ishizaki.
Don't underestimate us.
All right, I guess we'll
do it the hard way.
-[scream]
-[announcer]
Team Nankatsu's
defensive player
uses the post to throw
Kazuo Tachibana
off balance.
[scream]
[announcer] What a way to
assert himself.
And with that,
- Nankatsu once again proves
-Ah!
why they're
the current champions.
-Yeah!
-[Tsubasa] [laugh]
You looked like
a professional there, Ryo.
You were incredible.
And I thought you were
just a pretty face.
Well, what a surprise,
am I right?
[laughs]
Well, after they
scored on us
with that play last time.
I figured how to
diffuse their attack.
[growl]
Did you see
how he stopped it?
I thought that Ryo was
just there as an ornament,
but I'm really glad
to see that
-he can be pretty useful.
-Woo-hoo!
Yeah, I saw him practicing
that movement.
Awesome.
All right, let's go for
the second goal, guys.
This one's for you,
Ishizaki.
-No!
-[growl]
Go.
[announcer] Just when
we thought
this was going to be
a very grueling match,
we see Team Nankatsu
completely dominating
Hanawa.
Team Hanawa's defense
is at a complete loss
and aren't able
to do much
- to stop Nankatsu's attacks.
-[growl]
That can't be!
Hmm...
If the Tachibana twins
aren't able to complete
their intended shots,
their team is
practically lost.
I thought it would be
a much more
interesting match,
but I guess in the end,
I was wrong.
The twins are not a match
for our amazing combination.
[chuckles]
[announcer] Team Nankatsu
is searching for more goals.
All right, here it goes.
[announcer] We finally see
Tsubasa
playing with the same
passion and joy
that he always shows.
He looks motivated
to run
and ensure a win
for the match.
Everyone is playing
really well, huh?
It's impressive
how everyone's improved.
Even Ishizaki is playing
really well.
Yeah, that's what I call
teamwork, you guys.
Captain!
[announcer] Tsubasa
controls the ball.
Looks like
he's going to shoot.
[chuckle]
It doesn't hurt anymore.
[grunting]
[announcer] But no,
he keeps advancing,
fooling the defense.
What impressive speed!
Great job, Tsubasa!
You won't get through.
[announcer] Hanawa's
central defender, Murasawa,
runs to stop
Nankatsu's captain.
[grunt]
[announcer] But Tsubasa
makes a quick turn
and passes the ball to
the forward Kisugi.
-Impossible.
-Huh?
[announcer] Kisugi is in
the danger zone.
I am Teppei Kisugi.
And you're about to see why
I'm Shutetsu's
main goalscorer.
[yell]
[grunt]
[announcer]
And it's in!
Team Nankatsu managed
to score their second goal.
[cheering]
[laughs]
Nice shot, Teppei.
That was great, Teppei.
We've already scored
two goals.
That can't be.
They're up by two.
[announcer] Team Hanawa
is completely frustrated.
They haven't been
able to stop Nankatsu.
We don't have
any other option, Brother.
Yeah...
You're right, Masao.
We wanted to save it
for the finals...
but we're gonna have to
show them
our new secret technique.
Listen up.
I'm sorry,
we couldn't stop them.
Don't you worry
about those goals.
Listen up, Yoshiharu!
In our next attack...
I want you to give me
the ball with a high pass.
Don't tell me that
you're planning to do...
[Masao]
Yeah.
But are you guys sure?
It's dangerous.
[grunt] We're willing to run
any risk at this moment.
Our responsibility
is to tie the score
immediately.
[announcer] Team Hanawa
has the kick off now.
It won't be an easy task
to tie the match
with Nankatsu...
but we know that
this team's specialty
is their attack.
The way I see it,
they can come as often
as they like.
As long as I'm here,
they won't be able to
jump off
the side of the goalpost.
We're waiting for you,
twins.
[chuckles]
Huh?
[Tsubasa]
What are they planning?
[whistle]
[announcer] And there's
the whistle.
-Go on.
-Huh?
[announcer]
The Tachibana twins
run through the middle
of the pitch
directly to
the opposing goal.
Meanwhile, the forward,
Ono, controls the ball
and advances through
the sideline.
[pant]
Here!
Ono sends
a beautiful cross pass.
Ha! It doesn't matter
if they both jump up.
I'll make them both
fall now.
Hey, Brother,
the time is now.
Yeah.
[grunts]
-What are they doing?
-[gasp]
[announcer]
This is unheard of.
Masao Tachibana spins
and is skidding backwards
on his back.
Could he be injured?
What does this mean?
Here I go, Masao.
Yeah!
[laughs]
[announcer] What?
What's happening?
-This is our...
-new special technique...
-Skylab...
-Hurricane!
[gasps]
-[announcer] In-Incredible!
-[gasps]
One of the twins
has been thrusted
like a projectile
towards the sky
and now he's...
he...he is flying!
[yell]
[grunt]
It's ours now!
-[Mamoru] Morisaki!
-[grunts]
[announcer]
Goal!
What a goal!
The Tachibana twins
have scored
with an amazing shot.
Incredible.
That can't be!
[announcer] Just when
we thought
everything was lost
for Team Hanawa,
the Tachibana twins
have performed
this extraordinary
movement in the sky,
accentuating
their acrobatic style.
That's how you do it,
Hanawa!
Two more goals
and that's it!
They did it!
Good job, guys!
All right, Masao, Kazuo.
Great job, guys!
-We did it! Yeah!
-Uhh...
-Come here!
-What in the world was that?
I...don't know.
Ha, ha!
Did you see that, Nankatsu?
That's our brand new
technique, Skylab Hurricane.
Get ready because...
we're going for
our second goal.
That can't be.
Skylab Hurricane...
That's a formidable
technique.